CREDITS.md, before:

# Assets

## Icons
- All icons from TNP are under the [CC-BY license](https://help.thenounproject.com/hc/en-us/articles/200509798-What-licenses-do-you-offer)
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/sound-1939979/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/pencil-6534759/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/undo-3557666/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/back-1245545/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/check-1788422/

## Models
- [Marker](https://poly.pizza/m/tc4jUrXVs3) by [SGARRO](https://poly.pizza/u/SGARRO) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza 
- Lunchbox:
    - [Modular Sushi Restaurant Kit](https://poly.pizza/bundle/Modular-Sushi-Restaurant-Kit-LJZrZsNPM7) by [Quaternius](https://poly.pizza/u/Quaternius) via Poly Pizza (for the food)
    - [Emily](https://github.com/EmilyGoose) (for the box itself)
- Homework: [Small Stack of Paper](https://poly.pizza/m/aiBozYlPe--) by [Jarlan Perez](https://poly.pizza/u/Jarlan%20Perez) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza 
- Textbook: [Book](https://poly.pizza/m/4S1nr7WmUxm) from [Poly by Google](https://poly.pizza/u/Poly%20by%20Google) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza

## Audio
- VOICEVOX [(GitHub)](https://github.com/VOICEVOX/voicevox_engine/tree/master)
  - VOICEVOX:玄野武宏 (Takehiro Kurono) ([Voice page](https://voicevox.hiroshiba.jp/product/kurono_takehiro/))
  - VOICEVOX:琴詠ニア (Kotoyomi Nia) ([Voice page](https://voicevox.hiroshiba.jp/product/kotoyomi_nia/))

## Fonts 
- UI Font: [Noto Sans JP](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans)
    - Licensed under the Open Font license
- Handwriting/Tracing Font: [Honyaji ver.Re](https://honya-ji.booth.pm/items/6193040)
    - Font provided by ほにゃ. https://honya-ji.booth.pm/
    - Free for personal and commercial use.

## Libraries
- [Kawazu](https://github.com/Cutano/Kawazu) by [Cutano](https://github.com/Cutano/)
    - Licensed under the MIT license
- [OpenXR SDK](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/OpenXR-SDK-Source) by [Khronos](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/)
    - Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license

# References
- Valem Tutorials' [Let's Make a VR Game](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpEoiloH-4eM-fykn_3_QcJ-A_MIJF5B9) series
- Canvas:
    - [Recreating the Drawing Mechanic from Half-Life: Alyx in Unity](https://80.lv/articles/recreating-the-drawing-mechanic-from-half-life-alyx-in-unity/) by Daniel Santalla
    - [How to Draw in VR - Unity Tutorial](https://youtu.be/VAnBM18Q5Ow) (video) by Valem Tutorials

Commit message:

add hiragana chart
there... apparently was more in this commit? i didn't know about this

CREDITS.md, after:

# Assets

## Icons
- All icons from TNP are under the [CC-BY license](https://help.thenounproject.com/hc/en-us/articles/200509798-What-licenses-do-you-offer)
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/sound-1939979/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/pencil-6534759/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/undo-3557666/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/back-1245545/
    - https://thenounproject.com/icon/check-1788422/

## Textures/Images
- [Hiragana Chart](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Table_hiragana.svg) from Wikipedia
    - Released under [CC-BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en) (or CC-BY-SA 2.5/2.0/1.0, or the [GFDL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.html), but I chose CC-BY-SA 3.0)

## Models
- [Skybox](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/fantasy-skybox-free-18353)
- [Marker](https://poly.pizza/m/tc4jUrXVs3) by [SGARRO](https://poly.pizza/u/SGARRO) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza 
- Lunchbox:
    - [Modular Sushi Restaurant Kit](https://poly.pizza/bundle/Modular-Sushi-Restaurant-Kit-LJZrZsNPM7) by [Quaternius](https://poly.pizza/u/Quaternius) via Poly Pizza (for the food)
    - [Emily](https://github.com/EmilyGoose) (for the box itself)
- Textbook: [Book](https://poly.pizza/m/4S1nr7WmUxm) from [Poly by Google](https://poly.pizza/u/Poly%20by%20Google) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza
- Movie: [VHS Tape](https://poly.pizza/m/73PcdQ7OFRX) by [Bruno Oliveira](https://poly.pizza/u/Bruno%20Oliveira) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza 

### To add

- Homework: [Small Stack of Paper](https://poly.pizza/m/aiBozYlPe--) by [Jarlan Perez](https://poly.pizza/u/Jarlan%20Perez) [[CC-BY]](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza 
- train: https://poly.pizza/m/b9NCKiXV0IZ 
- cap: https://poly.pizza/m/7V3WmCnNaUo
- magazine: https://poly.pizza/m/OMzty7kxKo
- ticket: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/ticket-9ac52ae294364e9c9b78563c3268ebcf
- stamp: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/stamp-collection-d2c4ef080d04490cacf7f4985a857037
- dictionary: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/english-dictionaries-91aab501beed47e8946800d5d6c94519

## Audio
- VOICEVOX [(GitHub)](https://github.com/VOICEVOX/voicevox_engine/tree/master)
  - VOICEVOX:玄野武宏 (Takehiro Kurono) ([Voice page](https://voicevox.hiroshiba.jp/product/kurono_takehiro/))
  - VOICEVOX:琴詠ニア (Kotoyomi Nia) ([Voice page](https://voicevox.hiroshiba.jp/product/kotoyomi_nia/))

## Fonts 
- UI Font: [Noto Sans JP](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans)
    - Licensed under the Open Font license
- Handwriting/Tracing Font: [Honyaji ver.Re](https://honya-ji.booth.pm/items/6193040)
    - Font provided by ほにゃ. https://honya-ji.booth.pm/
    - Free for personal and commercial use.

## Libraries
- [Kawazu](https://github.com/Cutano/Kawazu) by [Cutano](https://github.com/Cutano/)
    - Licensed under the MIT license
- [OpenXR SDK](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/OpenXR-SDK-Source) by [Khronos](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/)
    - Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license

# References
- Valem Tutorials' [Let's Make a VR Game](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpEoiloH-4eM-fykn_3_QcJ-A_MIJF5B9) series
- Canvas:
    - [Recreating the Drawing Mechanic from Half-Life: Alyx in Unity](https://80.lv/articles/recreating-the-drawing-mechanic-from-half-life-alyx-in-unity/) by Daniel Santalla
    - [How to Draw in VR - Unity Tutorial](https://youtu.be/VAnBM18Q5Ow) (video) by Valem Tutorials
